
[Food Wine Pairings]

VI Wine Food pairing app 
https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/journey-wine-food-machine-learning-john-kaminsky

Food and Wine pairing using NLP from amazon food reviews
https://towardsdatascience.com/robosomm-chapter-5-food-and-wine-pairing-7a4a4bb08e9e
The wine reviews dataset can be found -> https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/roaldschuring/wine-reviews
Repository for multiple projects related to wine -> https://github.com/RoaldSchuring/wine_food_pairing


[Validity of Research]
The power of knowledge graphs enhancing large languuage models with structured knowledge.
https://www.wisecube.ai/blog/leveraging-the-power-of3-knowledge-graphs-enhancing-large-language-models-with-structured-knowledge/



[Knowledge Graphs]

A Survey on Knowledge Graph-Based Recommender Systems
- To solve the information explosion problem and enhance user experience in various online applications, recommender systems have been developed to model users preferences. Although numerous efforts have been made toward more personalized recommendations, recommender systems still suffer from several challenges, such as data sparsity and cold start. In recent years, generating recommendations with the knowledge graph as side information has attracted considerable interest. Such an approach can not only alleviate the abovementioned issues for a more accurate recommendation, but also provide explanations for recommended items. In this paper, we conduct a systematical survey of knowledge graph-based recommender systems. We collect recently published papers in this field and summarize them from two perspectives. On the one hand, we investigate the proposed algorithms by focusing on how the papers utilize the knowledge graph for accurate and explainable recommendation. On the other hand, we introduce datasets used in these works. Finally, we propose several potential research directions in this field.
https://arxiv.org/abs/2003.00911

A Survey on Application of Knowledge Graph 
- Abstract.  Knowledge graphs, representation of information as  a  semantic graph, have caused wide concern in both industrial and academic  world. Their property of providing semantically structured  information  has  brought  important  possible  solutions  for  many  tasks  including question answering, recommendation and information retrieval, and is considered to offer great promise  for  building  more  intelligent  machines  by  many  researchers.  Although  knowledge graphs have already supported multiple “Big Data” applications in all sorts of commercial and scientific domains since  Google  coined this term  in 2012, there  was no previous study  give a systemically  review  of  the  application  of knowledge  graphs.  Therefore, unlike  other  related work  which  focuses on  the construction  techniques  of  knowledge graphs,  this  present  paper aims at providing a  first  survey on these applications stemming  from  different domains. This paper also points  out that while  important advancements of  applying knowledge graphs' great ability of providing semantically structured information into specific domains have been made in recent years, several aspects still remain to be explored. 
https://www.researchgate.net/publication/340534222_A_Survey_on_Application_of_Knowledge_Graph


A Survey on Knowledge Graphs: Representation, Acquisition and Applications
- Human knowledge provides a formal understanding of the world. Knowledge graphs that represent structural relations between entities have become an increasingly popular research direction towards cognition and human-level intelligence. In this survey, we provide a comprehensive review of knowledge graph covering overall research topics about 1) knowledge graph representation learning, 2) knowledge acquisition and completion, 3) temporal knowledge graph, and 4) knowledge-aware applications, and summarize recent breakthroughs and perspective directions to facilitate future research. We propose a full-view categorization and new taxonomies on these topics. Knowledge graph embedding is organized from four aspects of representation space, scoring function, encoding models, and auxiliary information. For knowledge acquisition, especially knowledge graph completion, embedding methods, path inference, and logical rule reasoning, are reviewed. We further explore several emerging topics, including meta relational learning, commonsense reasoning, and temporal knowledge graphs. To facilitate future research on knowledge graphs, we also provide a curated collection of datasets and open-source libraries on different tasks. In the end, we have a thorough outlook on several promising research directions.
https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.00388.pdf



[Wine]

The Computational Wine Wheel 2.0 and the TriMax Triclustering in Wineinformatics
- Even with the current state of technology, data growth is increasing so fast that without proper storage and analytical techniques, it is challenging to process and analyze large datasets. This applies to knowledge bases from all fields and all kinds of data. In Wineinformatics, various kind of data related to wine, including physicochemical laboratory data and wine reviews, are analyzed by data science related researches. In the previous work, we proposed the Computational Wine Wheel, derived from 2011’s top 100 wine, to automatically process and extract key attributes from human-language-format wine expert reviews. In this work, past 10 year’s top 100 wines are collected and formed a 1000 excellent wines dataset to further improve the Computational Wine Wheel. The extraction process led to the creation of what we call a Computational Wine Wheel 2.0, which is a wine attribute dictionary consisting of 985 categorized and normalized wine attributes. After the Computational Wine Wheel 2.0 is formed, we experiment it on a region- and grape type- specific dataset to seek new types of information in Wineinformatics. A novel TriMax Triclustering algorithm specifically used for the dataset processed by the Computational Wine Wheel is proposed and applied to discover three dimensional clusters (Wine × Attributes × Vintage) in wine. We found that the TriMax Triclustering algorithm produced promising and cohesive results that can be used in various aspects of the wine industry, such as defined palate grouping and wine searching.
https://www.springerprofessional.de/en/the-computational-wine-wheel-2-0-and-the-trimax-triclustering-in/10290536